src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/NavigatorPlugins.cpp:javaEnabled:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCollection.cpp:item:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCollection.cpp:namedItem:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:embeds:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.h:captureEvents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.h:releaseEvents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:availLeft:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:availTop:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/NavigatorLanguage.cpp:language:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Navigator.cpp:languages:DOMString[]
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:menubar:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:menubar:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:print:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:print:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:applicationCache:applicationCache
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:applicationCache:applicationCache
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Location.cpp:assign:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Location.cpp:replace:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:statusbar:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:statusbar:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:locationbar:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:locationbar:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Location.cpp:href:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:alert:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:alert:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:status:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:location:location
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:personalbar:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:personalbar:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:readyState:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Location.cpp:reload:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:confirm:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:confirm:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:preferredStyleSheetSet:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindowBase64.cpp:btoa:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindowBase64.cpp:atob:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:toolbar:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:toolbar:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:prompt:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:prompt:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:scrollbars:BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:scrollbars:Remote_BarProp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:requestAnimationFrame:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:requestAnimationFrame:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:lastModified:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:parent:Window
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:rect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:arcTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:currentScriptForBinding:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:moveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:arc:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:images:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:location:location
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:closed:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:activeElement:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/imagebitmap/ImageBitmapFactories.cpp:createImageBitmap:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:body:HTMLElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:links:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:history:History
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:history:History
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:focus:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:document:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:document:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:designMode:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:blur:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:quadraticCurveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:blur:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:embeds:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:head:HTMLHeadElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:postMessage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:length:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:navigator:Navigator
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:navigator:Navigator
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:open:DOMWindow
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:selectedStyleSheetSet:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:opener:DOMWindow
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:self:Window
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.cpp:top:Window
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:frameElement:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:lineTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:dir:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:name:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:name:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:bezierCurveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:closePath:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:url:DOMString
src/out/Default/gen/blink/core/frame/ScrollToOptions.cpp:left:double
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.h:scroll:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.h:pageYOffset:double
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/DOMWindow.h:pageXOffset:double
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:innerWidth:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:innerWidth:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:matchMedia:MediaQueryList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:matchMedia:MediaQueryList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:moveBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:moveBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:resizeTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:resizeTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:scrollBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:scrollBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:resizeBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:resizeBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:screenY:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:screenY:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:outerWidth:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:outerWidth:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:screenX:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:screenX:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:scrollX:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:scrollX:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:moveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:moveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:scrollY:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:scrollY:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:devicePixelRatio:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:devicePixelRatio:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:innerHeight:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:innerHeight:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:screen:screen
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:screen:screen
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:outerHeight:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:outerHeight:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:scrollTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:scrollTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:colorDepth:unsigned long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:availWidth:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:availHeight:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:width:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:height:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/Screen.cpp:pixelDepth:long
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:timelineCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:logCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:groupEndCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:tableCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:markTimelineCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:assertCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:profileEndCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:groupCollapsedCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:clearCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:dirxmlCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:timeEndCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:errorCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:profileCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:warnCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:traceCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:infoCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:countCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:timeStampCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:debugCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:groupCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:timeCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:dirCallback:void
src/v8/src/inspector/v8-console.cc:timelineEndCallback:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/geolocation/NavigatorGeolocation.cpp:geolocation:Geolocation
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/geolocation/Geolocation.cpp:watchPosition:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/geolocation/Geolocation.cpp:getCurrentPosition:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/geolocation/Geolocation.cpp:clearWatch:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:scripts:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:contentType:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:compatMode:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/webrtc/api/peerconnection.cc:getReceivers:std::vector<rtc::scoped_refptr<RtpReceiverInterface>>
src/third_party/webrtc/api/peerconnection.cc:getSenders:vector
src/third_party/webrtc/api/peerconnection.cc:removeTrack:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaStream.cpp:addTrack:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:createDataChannel:RTCDataChannel
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:updateIce:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:addStream:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:createOffer:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:getStats:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:getStreamById:MediaStream
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:generateCertificate:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:createAnswer:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:removeStream:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:addIceCandidate:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:getRemoteStreams:MediaStreamVector
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:getLocalStreams:MediaStreamVector
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:setLocalDescription:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:setRemoteDescription:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCPeerConnection.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSValueList.h:item:CSSValue&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSPrimitiveValue.h:getFloatValue:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:getComputedStyle:CSSStyleDeclaration
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:getComputedStyle:CSSStyleDeclaration
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:doctype:DocumentType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:write:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:open:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:URL:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:title:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:domain:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:cookie:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:documentElement:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:implementation:DOMImplementation
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:writeln:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:referrer:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:forms:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domContentLoadedEventStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domLoading:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/Performance.cpp:timing:PerformanceTiming
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:unloadEventEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/Performance.cpp:navigation:PerformanceNavigation
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:connectStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:loadEventStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:connectEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:redirectEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:unloadEventStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:navigationStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:responseEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domContentLoadedEventEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:responseStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceNavigation.cpp:redirectCount:unsigned short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domComplete:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domainLookupEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domInteractive:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:domainLookupStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:redirectStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:loadEventEnd:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceNavigation.cpp:type:unsigned short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:fetchStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceTiming.cpp:requestStart:unsigned long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/vibration/NavigatorVibration.cpp:vibrate:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/URLFileAPI.cpp:createObjectURL:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/URLFileAPI.cpp:revokeObjectURL:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ParentNode.h:querySelector:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ParentNode.h:querySelectorAll:NodeList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:getItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:appendItem:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:removeItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:insertItemBefore:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:initialize:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringList.cpp:replaceItem:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/battery/NavigatorBattery.cpp:getBattery:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:getSelection:Selection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:getSelection:Selection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandIndeterm:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:execCommand:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandValue:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandEnabled:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandSupported:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandState:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:hidden:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:visibilityState:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/beacon/NavigatorBeacon.cpp:sendBeacon:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/RemoteDOMWindow.cpp:cancelAnimationFrame:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/LocalDOMWindow.cpp:cancelAnimationFrame:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/platform/mediastream/MediaStreamCenter.cpp:stopLocalMediaStream:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/NavigatorUserMedia.cpp:mediaDevices:MediaDevices
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/NavigatorRequestMediaKeySystemAccess.cpp:requestMediaKeySystemAccess:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ClientRectList.cpp:item:ClientRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediacapturefromelement/CanvasCaptureMediaStreamTrack.cpp:requestFrame:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/gamepad/NavigatorGamepad.cpp:getGamepads:GamepadList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/donottrack/NavigatorDoNotTrack.cpp:doNotTrack:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioContext.cpp:suspendcontext:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OfflineAudioContext.cpp:suspendcontext:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:setResourceTimingBufferSize:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:restore:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:setLineDash:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:createRadialGradient:CanvasGradient
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:getLineDash:sequence<unrestricted double>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:createImageData:ImageData
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:clip:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:getImageData:ImageData
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:scale:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:setTransform:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:fillRect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:rotate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:transform:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:drawImage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:strokeRect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:stroke:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:createPattern:CanvasPattern
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:putImageData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:beginPath:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:translate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:resetTransform:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:fill:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:clearRect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:save:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/BaseRenderingContext2D.cpp:createLinearGradient:CanvasGradient
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:clearResourceTimings:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:clearMeasures:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:clearMarks:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:mark:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:measure:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:getEntriesByName:PerformanceEntryList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:getEntriesByType:PerformanceEntryList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:getEntries:PerformanceEntryList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/PerformanceBase.cpp:now:DOMHighResTimeStamp
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setStart:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setEnd:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/workers/InProcessWorkerBase.cpp:terminate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/workers/InProcessWorkerBase.cpp:postMessage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:transformToFragment:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:reset:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:clearParameters:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:setParameter:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLDocument.cpp:releaseEvents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:removeParameter:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLDocument.cpp:captureEvents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:getParameter:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:transformToDocument:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XSLTProcessor.cpp:importStylesheet:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform4fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:activeTexture:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isRenderbuffer:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:blendEquation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:blendEquationSeparate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getError:GLenum
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteBuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getFramebufferAttachmentParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getContextAttributes:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:detachShader:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createShader:WebGLShader
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:blendFunc:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:blendFuncSeparate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteTexture:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:checkFramebufferStatus:GLenum
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:blendColor:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:useProgram:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getExtension:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:shaderSource:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getShaderParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteRenderbuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform3iv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:texSubImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:pixelStorei:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:texParameteri:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform2fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:cullFace:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:copyTexSubImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:depthFunc:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createProgram:WebGLProgram
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:polygonOffset:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform2f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createRenderbuffer:WebGLRenderbuffer
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib1fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getShaderPrecisionFormat:WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:clearDepth:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:clearColor:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib2fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isContextLost:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilOp:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform2i:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform3f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:hint:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isShader:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createBuffer:WebGLBuffer
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getAttachedShaders:Nullable<HeapVector<Member<WebGLShader>>>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:framebufferTexture2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteShader:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isProgram:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform1f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:clearStencil:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniformMatrix4fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getShaderSource:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:scissor:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getSupportedExtensions:Nullable<Vector<String>>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isTexture:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getRenderbufferParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform4f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform3i:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:validateProgram:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:depthMask:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:viewport:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform1fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:texParameterf:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform4iv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getBufferParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttribPointer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bindBuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:finish:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bindRenderbuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib4f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib3f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform3fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:copyTexImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:sampleCoverage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:flush:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:lineWidth:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteProgram:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getUniform:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bufferData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getAttribLocation:GLint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isFramebuffer:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bufferSubData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform2iv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib2f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilFuncSeparate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getActiveUniform:WebGLActiveInfo
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getVertexAttrib:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:readPixels:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:frontFace:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib4fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:compressedTexImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:deleteFramebuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:enable:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bindFramebuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:texImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isEnabled:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:framebufferRenderbuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform4i:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:colorMask:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform1i:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:enableVertexAttribArray:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:drawArrays:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:isBuffer:GLboolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bindTexture:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getVertexAttribOffset:long long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:compressedTexSubImage2D:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:depthRange:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createTexture:WebGLTexture
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:disableVertexAttribArray:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilMask:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniform1iv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:generateMipmap:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getTexParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:attachShader:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getUniformLocation:WebGLUniformLocation
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:drawElements:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:linkProgram:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib1f:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:disable:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilMaskSeparate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getShaderInfoLog:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:clear:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniformMatrix3fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilOpSeparate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getProgramInfoLog:String
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getActiveAttrib:WebGLActiveInfo
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:getProgramParameter:ScriptValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:compileShader:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:uniformMatrix2fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:bindAttribLocation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:vertexAttrib3fv:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:stencilFunc:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:renderbufferStorage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webgl/WebGLRenderingContextBase.cpp:createFramebuffer:WebGLFramebuffer
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediacapturefromelement/HTMLMediaElementCapture.cpp:captureStream:MediaStream
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:arrayBuffer:Promise<ArrayBuffer>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:json:Promise<JSON>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:text:Promise<USVString>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:blob:Promise<Blob>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:text:Promise<USVString>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:arrayBuffer:Promise<ArrayBuffer>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:blob:Promise<Blob>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Body.cpp:json:Promise<JSON>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/timing/Performance.cpp:navigation:PerformanceNavigation
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandIndeterm:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:execCommand:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:open:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:write:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandValue:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandState:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:writeln:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandEnabled:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:queryCommandSupported:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByName:NodeList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeScope.cpp:getSelection:DOMSelection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:getAll:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:GetAllKeys:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:moveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:rect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:arcTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:quadraticCurveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:lineTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:bezierCurveTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:closePath:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPathMethods.cpp:arc:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGGeometryElement.cpp:getPointAtLength:SVGPoint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGPathElement.cpp:getTotalLength:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/HTMLMediaElementEncryptedMedia.cpp:setMediaKeys:promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediacapturefromelement/HTMLMediaElementCapture.cpp:CaptureStream:MediaStream
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OfflineAudioContext.cpp:resumeContext:scriptPromise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:GetAll:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:hasFocus:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.h:characterSet:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:elementFromPoint:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ParentNode.h:querySelector:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NonElementParentNode.h:getElementById:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ParentNode.h:querySelectorAll:NodeList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas/HTMLCanvasElementModule.cpp:getContext:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/HTMLVideoElementMediaSource.cpp:getVideoPlaybackQuality:VideoPlaybackQuality
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFormElement.cpp:item:HTMLElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ChildNode.h:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:getPropertyCSSValue:CSSValue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:IsTextField:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/NavigatorPlugins.cpp:mimeTypes:MimeTypeArray
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BiquadFilterNode.cpp:getFrequencyResponse:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMTokenList.cpp:item:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/TimeRanges.cpp:end:double
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/CharacterData.cpp:replaceData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLDocument.cpp:clear:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OfflineAudioContext.cpp:suspend:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByClassName:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMTokenList.cpp:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioListener.cpp:setOrientation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:resume:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createWaveShaper:WaveShaperNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioBuffer.cpp:getChannelData:Float32Array
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioNode.cpp:disconnect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:append:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OscillatorNode.cpp:start:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/CharacterData.cpp:substringData:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AnalyserNode.cpp:getByteFrequencyData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:set:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createChannelSplitter:ChannelSplitterNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AnalyserNode.cpp:getFloatTimeDomainData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMTokenList.cpp:toggle:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createMediaElementSource:MediaElementAudioSourceNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createGain:GainNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:open:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioListener.cpp:setPosition:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Response.cpp:clone:Response
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMImplementation.cpp:createHTMLDocument:HTMLDocument
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createMediaStreamSource:MediaStreamAudioSourceNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLAllCollection.cpp:namedGetter:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OscillatorNode.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:overrideMimeType:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioBuffer.cpp:copyToChannel:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioParam.cpp:exponentialRampToValueAtTime:AudioParam
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/CharacterData.cpp:insertData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCanvasElement.cpp:toDataURL:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioContext.cpp:close:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/CharacterData.cpp:appendData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioParam.cpp:cancelScheduledValues:AudioParam
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:has:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:getAllResponseHeaders:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encoding/TextDecoder.cpp:decode:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioParam.cpp:setValueAtTime:AudioParam
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createStereoPanner:StereoPannerNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AnalyserNode.cpp:getByteTimeDomainData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/CharacterData.cpp:deleteData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCanvasElement.cpp:toBlob:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AnalyserNode.cpp:getFloatFrequencyData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createAttribute:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioNode.cpp:connect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:send:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createBiquadFilter:BiquadFilterNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createScriptProcessor:ScriptProcessorNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createProcessingInstruction:ProcessingInstruction
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMTokenList.cpp:contains:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:getResponseHeader:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMTokenList.cpp:add:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createChannelMerger:ChannelMergerNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:setRequestHeader:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/PannerNode.cpp:setOrientation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createElement:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createBuffer:AudioBuffer
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OscillatorNode.cpp:setPeriodicWave:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xmlhttprequest/XMLHttpRequest.cpp:abort:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioParam.cpp:linearRampToValueAtTime:AudioParam
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioBufferSourceNode.cpp:start:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createDelay:DelayNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/PannerNode.cpp:setPosition:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioBufferSourceNode.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/OfflineAudioContext.cpp:startRendering:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:get:ByteString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:closest:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioParam.cpp:setValueCurveAtTime:AudioParam
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createPeriodicWave:PeriodicWave
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createDynamicsCompressor:DynamicsCompressorNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Response.cpp:error:Response
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:decodeAudioData:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:matches:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/AudioBuffer.cpp:copyFromChannel:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createPanner:PannerNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createMediaStreamDestination:MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/TimeRanges.cpp:start:double
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createConvolver:ConvolverNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByClassName:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Response.cpp:redirect:Response
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCollection.cpp:item:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createOscillator:OscillatorNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:getAll:sequence<ByteString>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createAnalyser:AnalyserNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/webaudio/BaseAudioContext.cpp:createBufferSource:AudioBufferSourceNode
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Request.cpp:clone:Request
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/fetch/Headers.cpp:delete:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encoding/TextEncoder.cpp:encode:Uint8Array
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:nextSibling:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTextAreaElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileReader.cpp:abort:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:verify:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:collapse:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/track/TextTrack.cpp:addCue:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:cloneContents:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getAttributeNS:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:intersectsNode:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:skewX:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableSectionElement.cpp:insertRow:HTMLElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCDataChannel.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:compareBoundaryPoints:short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/EventTarget.cpp:dispatchEvent:DispatchEventResult
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:openCursor:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFieldSetElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:getCurrentTime:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathEvaluator.cpp:evaluate:XPathResult
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:getPropertyValue:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/PropertySetCSSStyleDeclaration.cpp:getPropertyValue:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:deleteTHead:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:selectNodeContents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/MediaList.cpp:appendMedium:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/MediaList.cpp:deleteMedium:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:endElementAt:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MessagePort.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySession.cpp:generateRequest:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getAttribute:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGTransformFromMatrix:SVGTransform
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileList.cpp:item:File
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:removeProperty:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/PropertySetCSSStyleDeclaration.cpp:removeProperty:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLMediaElement.cpp:play:Nullable<ExceptionCode>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createAttributeNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:deleteContents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:put:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:getBoundingClientRect:ClientRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaStream.cpp:getTracks:sequence<MediaStreamTrack>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:setNamedItemNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:firstChild:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:match:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:scaleNonUniform:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBKeyRange.cpp:upperBound:IDBKeyRange
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:append:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLOutputElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:createTHead:HTMLTableSectionElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/notifications/Notification.cpp:requestPermission:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBKeyRange.cpp:bound:IDBKeyRange
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:invertSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:multiplySelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:set:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBCursor.cpp:delete:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createNodeIterator:NodeIterator
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:deleteTFoot:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:translate:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/MediaSource.cpp:isTypeSupported:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:modify:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XMLSerializer.cpp:serializeToString:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:removeAttributeNode:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathResult.cpp:snapshotItem:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createElementNS:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileReader.cpp:readAsDataURL:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFormElement.cpp:reset:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:previousSibling:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:removeAttribute:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMImplementation.cpp:createDocument:XMLDocument
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/peerconnection/RTCDataChannel.cpp:send:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/Crypto.cpp:getRandomValues:ArrayBufferView
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLMediaElement.cpp:addTextTrack:TextTrack
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLMediaElement.cpp:pause:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasPattern.cpp:setTransform:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBTransaction.cpp:objectStore:IDBObjectStore
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:openCursor:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:get:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/MediaSource.cpp:removeSourceBuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:removeNamedItem:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createCDATASection:CDATASection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMPluginArray.cpp:namedItem:Plugin
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLObjectElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMPlugin.cpp:namedItem:MimeType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/Event.cpp:initEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSStyleSheet.cpp:deleteRule:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:contains:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/FontFaceSet.cpp:load:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySystemAccess.cpp:createMediaKeys:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setTranslate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMImplementation.cpp:hasFeature:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLElement.cpp:focus:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:rotateFromVector:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NodeIterator.cpp:detach:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:deleteIndex:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySystemAccess.cpp:getConfiguration:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:toFloat64Array:Float64Array
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaDevices.cpp:getUserMedia:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getStartPositionOfChar:SVGPoint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSRuleList.cpp:item:CSSRule
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBKeyRange.cpp:lowerBound:IDBKeyRange
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformListTearOff.cpp:consolidate:SVGTransform
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setSkewX:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:get:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:rotateFromVector:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:skewY:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCollection.cpp:namedItem:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:isEqualNode:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setEndBefore:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeys.cpp:createSession:MediaKeySession
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:appendItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:forceRedraw:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFormElement.cpp:submit:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLObjectElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/Storage.cpp:removeItem:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/track/TextTrack.cpp:removeCue:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:getItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setScale:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/SourceBuffer.cpp:appendBuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:delete:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:count:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:toFloat32Array:Float32Array
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:hasAttributes:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:flipX:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:adoptNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:selectNode:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLButtonElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:selectSubString:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:getSimpleDuration:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getNumberOfChars:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformListTearOff.cpp:createSVGTransformFromMatrix:SVGTransform
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeScope.cpp:getElementById:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFieldSetElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGLength:SVGLength
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediarecorder/MediaRecorder.cpp:start:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:exportKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:cloneRange:Range
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:add:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBDatabase.cpp:transaction:IDBTransaction
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createTextNode:Text
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBKeyRange.cpp:only:IDBKeyRange
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLElement.cpp:click:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLMediaElement.cpp:load:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:rotateSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLCollection.cpp:item:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:delete:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/MouseEvent.cpp:initMouseEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/StyleSheetList.cpp:item:StyleSheet
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/MediaSource.cpp:addSourceBuffer:SourceBuffer
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:index:IDBIndex
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMPluginArray.cpp:item:Plugin
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setEndAfter:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:insertAdjacentHTML:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/History.cpp:pushState:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:deleteFromDocument:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/Blob.cpp:slice:Blob
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMPluginArray.cpp:refresh:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:setRangeText:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getSubStringLength:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:lastChild:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:skewYSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:containsNode:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:suspendRedraw:unsigned long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MutationObserver.cpp:disconnect:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTextAreaElement.cpp:setSelectionRange:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:has:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/broadcastchannel/BroadcastChannel.cpp:postMessage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:rotate:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:surroundContents:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/websockets/DOMWebSocket.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGPoint:SVGPoint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:appendItem:ItemProperty
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/CacheStorage.cpp:keys:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:multiply:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:clear:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:setAttribute:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:createIndex:IDBIndex
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/CacheStorage.cpp:has:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLOutputElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:removeChild:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformListTearOff.cpp:clear:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySession.cpp:remove:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/PropertySetCSSStyleDeclaration.cpp:getPropertyPriority:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:getPropertyPriority:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:stepDown:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/MediaQueryList.cpp:addListener:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/SourceBuffer.cpp:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBCursor.cpp:advance:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/screen_orientation/ScreenOrientation.cpp:unlock:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/DOMWindowCSS.cpp:supports:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:isDefaultNamespace:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/FontFace.cpp:load:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:skewXSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:lookupNamespaceURI:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:removeItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:drawFocusIfNeeded:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:get:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/device_orientation/DeviceMotionEvent.cpp:initDeviceMotionEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getBoundingClientRect:ClientRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/clipboard/DataTransfer.cpp:setDragImage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileReader.cpp:readAsText:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/clipboard/DataTransfer.cpp:getData:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaStreamTrack.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:replaceItem:ItemProperty
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:wrapKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:setAttributeNS:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:normalize:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:add:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGNumber:SVGNumber
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBFactory.cpp:cmp:short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/Event.cpp:stopImmediatePropagation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:translateSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getExtentOfChar:SVGRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:add:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/MutationEvent.cpp:initMutationEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediarecorder/MediaRecorder.cpp:stop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:getStartTime:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:importNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFormElement.cpp:checkValidity:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBDatabase.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NodeIterator.cpp:previousNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MutationObserver.cpp:takeRecords:sequence<MutationRecord>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:collapseToStart:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLButtonElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:removeItem:ItemProperty
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:createCaption:HTMLTableCaptionElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/clipboard/DataTransfer.cpp:setData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:scale:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/StorageEvent.cpp:initStorageEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:lookupPrefix:AtomicString&
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NodeIterator.cpp:nextNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:addRange:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGFEGaussianBlurElement.cpp:setStdDeviation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByTagNameNS:TagCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTextAreaElement.cpp:setRangeText:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTextAreaElement.cpp:select:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableRowElement.cpp:insertCell:HTMLElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTextAreaElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:createTBody:HTMLTableSectionElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMMimeTypeArray.cpp:item:MimeType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLElement.cpp:blur:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBDatabase.cpp:createObjectStore:IDBObjectStore
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFrameOwnerElement.cpp:getSVGDocument:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setStartAfter:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:scrollTo:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathResult.cpp:iterateNext:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:previousNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/broadcastchannel/BroadcastChannel.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:preMultiplySelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByTagName:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:removeAttributeNS:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:strokeText:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:replaceChild:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMStringList.cpp:contains:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/track/TextTrackList.cpp:getTrackById:TextTrack
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:removeAllRanges:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/device_orientation/DeviceOrientationEvent.cpp:initDeviceOrientationEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:digest:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:replaceItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:setStartBefore:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:getAll:sequence<USVString>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:comparePoint:short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:delete:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:removeNamedItemNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGGraphicsElement.cpp:getBBox:FloatRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/Event.cpp:stopPropagation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:append:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:unwrapKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableSectionElement.cpp:deleteRow:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/DOMWindowCSS.cpp:escape:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:stepUp:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:has:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathEvaluator.cpp:createExpression:XPathExpression
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MutationObserver.cpp:observe:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:scale3d:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/EventTarget.cpp:removeEventListener:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:measureText:TextMetrics
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:sign:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:unsuspendRedrawAll:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGPointTearOff.cpp:matrixTransform:SVGPoint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaStream.h:getVideoTracks:sequence<MediaStreamTrack>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/UIEvent.cpp:initUIEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NodeList.cpp:item:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:getKey:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByTagNameNS:TagCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/eventsource/EventSource.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:delete:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getAttributeNodeNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:rotate:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/History.cpp:forward:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:multiply:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:namedItem:HTMLOptionElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/notifications/Notification.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:inverse:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGAngle:SVGAngle
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:translate:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/SourceBuffer.cpp:abort:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:hasAttributeNS:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:hasChildNodes:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:scale:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGLengthTearOff.cpp:newValueSpecifiedUnits:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediarecorder/MediaRecorder.cpp:pause:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:getRangeAt:Range
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBDatabase.cpp:deleteObjectStore:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/Storage.cpp:getItem:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGLengthTearOff.cpp:convertToSpecifiedUnits:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeys.cpp:setServerCertificate:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:extend:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createRange:Range
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediarecorder/MediaRecorder.cpp:resume:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:getNamedItemNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MessagePort.cpp:start:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:openKeyCursor:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:skewX:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:selectAllChildren:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/Storage.cpp:setItem:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:setNamedItem:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:extractContents:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:isPointInStroke:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/FontFaceSet.cpp:check:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:decrypt:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:rotateAxisAngleSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.cpp:initialize:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:setCurrentTime:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:hasAttribute:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMMimeTypeArray.cpp:namedItem:MimeType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:animationsPaused:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBObjectStore.cpp:clear:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getAttributeNode:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMarkerElement.cpp:setOrientToAuto:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBIndex.cpp:count:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySession.cpp:update:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:unsuspendRedraw:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:encrypt:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/History.cpp:back:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediarecorder/MediaRecorder.cpp:requestData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLFrameOwnerElement.cpp:getSVGDocument:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathExpression.cpp:evaluate:XPathResult
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:rotateFromVectorSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/editing/DOMSelection.cpp:collapseToEnd:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:insertItemBefore:ItemPropertyType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:getClientRects:ClientRectList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:createTFoot:HTMLTableSectionElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:nextNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createTreeWalker:TreeWalker
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/track/TextTrackCueList.cpp:getCueById:TextTrackCue
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/Storage.cpp:clear:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:deleteRow:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:insertBefore:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBCursor.cpp:update:IDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:deriveKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBTransaction.cpp:abort:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/track/vtt/VTTCue.cpp:getCueAsHTML:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:keys:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getEndPositionOfChar:SVGPoint
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/PropertySetCSSStyleDeclaration.cpp:setProperty:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:setProperty:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:addAll:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/XPathEvaluator.cpp:createNSResolver:XPathNSResolver
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableRowElement.cpp:deleteCell:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGRect:SVGRect
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/CacheStorage.cpp:open:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBCursor.cpp:continue:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/ContainerNode.cpp:getElementsByTagName:HTMLCollection
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediasource/MediaSource.cpp:endOfStream:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:beginElement:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:inverse:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:matchAll:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:initialize:ItemProperty
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setSkewY:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAngleTearOff.cpp:convertToSpecifiedUnits:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getRotationOfChar:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGMatrix:SVGMatrixTearOff
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySession.cpp:close:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/encryptedmedia/MediaKeySession.cpp:load:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createComment:Comment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:setMatrixValue:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:scrollBy:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/CacheStorage.cpp:match:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/Cache.cpp:put:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/storage/Storage.cpp:key:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGFEDropShadowElement.cpp:setStdDeviation:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:rotateAxisAngle:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGGraphicsElement.cpp:getScreenCTM:AffineTransform
src/third_party/skia/experimental/SkV8Example/Path2D.cpp:addPath:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:isPointInPath:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/TreeWalker.cpp:parentNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/clipboard/DataTransfer.cpp:clearData:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:setAttributeNodeNS:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMStringList.cpp:item:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:set:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/MouseEvent.cpp:getModifierState:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAngleTearOff.cpp:newValueSpecifiedUnits:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/CustomEvent.cpp:initCustomEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/History.cpp:replaceState:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:createSVGTransform:SVGTransform
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:insertRow:HTMLTableRowElement
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSStyleSheet.cpp:insertRule:unsigned long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasRenderingContext2D.cpp:fillText:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/screen_orientation/ScreenOrientation.cpp:lock:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrixReadOnly.cpp:flipY:ReadOnly_DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLSelectElement.cpp:item:Element
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGPathElement.cpp:getPathSegAtLength:unsigned long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:generateKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/EventTarget.cpp:addEventListener:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLTableElement.cpp:deleteCaption:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGGraphicsElement.cpp:getCTM:AffineTransform
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:pauseAnimations:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/websockets/DOMWebSocket.cpp:send:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/frame/History.cpp:go:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMImplementation.cpp:createDocumentType:DocumentType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLOptionsCollection.cpp:add:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:deriveBits:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMarkerElement.cpp:setOrientToAngle:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/properties/SVGListPropertyHelper.h:getItem:ItemProperty
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:skewY:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:getClientRects:ClientRectList
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:isPointInRange:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/cachestorage/CacheStorage.cpp:delete:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:scrollIntoView:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:getNamedItem:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:flipX:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createEvent:Event
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/xml/DOMParser.cpp:parseFromString:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGMatrixTearOff.cpp:flipY:SVGMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setRotate:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/MessagePort.cpp:postMessage:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/CSSComputedStyleDeclaration.cpp:item:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/PropertySetCSSStyleDeclaration.cpp:item:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileReader.cpp:readAsBinaryString:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Text.cpp:splitText:Text
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:scale3dSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/FormData.cpp:getAll:sequence<FormDataEntryValue>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:setSelectionRange:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:endElement:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLMediaElement.cpp:canPlayType:CanPlayTypeResult
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/canvas2d/CanvasGradient.cpp:addColorStop:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/MediaQueryList.cpp:removeListener:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:getCurrentTime:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/NamedNodeMap.cpp:item:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/CompositionEvent.cpp:initCompositionEvent:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/fileapi/FileReader.cpp:readAsArrayBuffer:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBFactory.cpp:open:IDBOpenDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:cloneNode:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/Event.cpp:preventDefault:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:collapse:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:compareDocumentPosition:unsigned short
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:unpauseAnimations:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:insertNode:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:scroll:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:select:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/crypto/SubtleCrypto.cpp:importKey:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getComputedTextLength:float
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaDevices.cpp:enumerateDevices:Promise
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:createContextualFragment:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/mediastream/MediaStream.h:getAudioTracks:sequence<MediaStreamTrack>
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGSVGElement.cpp:deselectAll:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Node.cpp:appendChild:Node
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/DOMMatrix.cpp:scaleSelf:DOMMatrix
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/indexeddb/IDBFactory.cpp:deleteDatabase:IDBOpenDBRequest
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Element.cpp:setAttributeNode:Attr
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/URLSearchParams.cpp:get:USVString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLOptionsCollection.cpp:remove:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLInputElement.cpp:setCustomValidity:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/modules/plugins/DOMPlugin.cpp:item:MimeType
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/events/KeyboardEvent.cpp:getModifierState:boolean
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Range.cpp:detach:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTextContentElement.cpp:getCharNumAtPosition:long
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGStringListTearOff.h:insertItemBefore:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/html/HTMLIFrameElement.cpp:getSVGDocument:Document
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGTransformTearOff.cpp:setMatrix:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/Document.cpp:createDocumentFragment:DocumentFragment
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/svg/SVGAnimationElement.cpp:beginElementAt:void
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/css/MediaList.cpp:item:DOMString
src/third_party/WebKit/Source/core/dom/shadow/InsertionPoint.cpp:getDistributedNodes:StaticNodeList
